Update Tidal Volume.md (#48)
inform-us/requirements_specifications: informus/rules/Tidal Volume.md

  8.  IF none of the above: 'fallthrough'
*n.b. fallthrough is shown as dark grey bed on floorplan, but there is no accompanying legend item. This is explained to user in ? button.*
 ---    

# SPC CHARTS 

## NOTE

Calendar week defined as: Monday 00:00 - Sunday 23:59:59

> Eligible patients: only patinets who meet eligibility rules above (i.e on mandatory ventilation / O2 delivery mode has 'tracheostomy' or 'endotrachael' entered / valid O2 delivery is set patient is_intubated / if Vent mode is VC, PC PRVC, PPV, SIMV, PRVC, APRV (ventmode is mandatory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eligible patients: only patients who meet eligibility rules above (i.e on mandatory ventilation / O2 delivery mode has 'tracheostomy' or 'endotrachael' entered / valid O2 delivery is set patient is_intubated / if Vent mode is VC, PC PRVC, PPV, SIMV, PRVC, APRV (ventmode is mandatory).
```

Data required: (i) number of eligible patients (ie. CSN that meet above criteria); (ii) 1-hour epoch labels (in range / all 'out of range')

##  Tidal Volume- Weekly percentage of patients achieving Tidal Volume target (<8ml/kg IBW)

Operational definition = of the patients who are intubated and on mandatory ventilation, what proportion are achieving their tidal volume target, i.e. < or = 8ml/kg IBW on a weekly basis?

### 1 HOUR EPOCHS & DISCARD ‘IN’-ELIGIBLE HOURS 
1. 1-hour epochs from labelling rules above
2. Discard the following epoch labels:
     - ‘n/a’ (not on mandatory ventilation and therefore not eligible to be in this metric calculation)
     - 'missing'
     - ‘fall through’
     - ‘not set’ (no target set)

> 3. Include all labels that are out of range adn thos ethat are in range:
>      -  'out_of_range_8'
>      -  'out_of_range_10'
>      -  'out of range'
>      -  'in range'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Include all labels that are out of range and those that are in range:
     -  'out of range'
     -  'in range'
```
